core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-2/README.md, before:

## Java Collections Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about Map data structures in Java.

### Relevant Articles: 
- [A Guide to Java HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap)
- [Guide to WeakHashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-weakhashmap)
- [Map to String Conversion in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-map-to-string-conversion)
- [Iterate Over a Map in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-iterate-map)
- [Merging Two Maps with Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-merge-maps)
- [Sort a HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-sort)
- [Finding the Highest Value in a Java Map](https://www.baeldung.com/java-find-map-max)
- [Initialize a HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-initialize-hashmap)
- [Immutable Map Implementations in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-immutable-maps)
- [A Guide to TreeMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-treemap)
- [A Guide to LinkedHashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-linked-hashmap)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps) [[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-3)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41835] Moved articles "Get the Key for a Value from a Java Map"  from core-java-collections-maps to core-java-collections-maps-2

core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-2/README.md, after:

## Java Collections Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about Map data structures in Java.

### Relevant Articles: 
- [A Guide to Java HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap)
- [Guide to WeakHashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-weakhashmap)
- [Map to String Conversion in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-map-to-string-conversion)
- [Iterate Over a Map in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-iterate-map)
- [Merging Two Maps with Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-merge-maps)
- [Sort a HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-sort)
- [Finding the Highest Value in a Java Map](https://www.baeldung.com/java-find-map-max)
- [Initialize a HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-initialize-hashmap)
- [Immutable Map Implementations in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-immutable-maps)
- [A Guide to TreeMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-treemap)
- [A Guide to LinkedHashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-linked-hashmap)
- [Get the Key for a Value from a Java Map](https://www.baeldung.com/java-map-key-from-value)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps) [[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-3)
