core-java-modules/core-java-streams-2/README.md, before:

## Core Java streams

This module contains articles about the Stream API in Java.

### Relevant Articles:
- [The Java 8 Stream API Tutorial](https://www.baeldung.com/java-8-streams)
- [Java Stream findFirst() vs. findAny()](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-findfirst-vs-findany)
- [Java IntStream Conversions](https://www.baeldung.com/java-intstream-convert)
- [Java Streams peek() API](https://www.baeldung.com/java-streams-peek-api)
- [Collect a Java Stream to an Immutable Collection](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-immutable-collection)
- [How to Add a Single Element to a Stream](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-append-prepend)
- [Operating on and Removing an Item from Stream](https://www.baeldung.com/java-use-remove-item-stream)
- [Stream Ordering in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-ordering)
- [Iterable to Stream in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-iterable-to-stream)
- [How to Get the Last Element of a Stream in Java?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-last-element)
- More articles: [[<-- prev>]](/../core-java-streams) [[next -->]](/../core-java-streams-3)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41811] Moved article from core-java-streams-3 to core-java-streams-2

core-java-modules/core-java-streams-2/README.md, after:

## Core Java streams

This module contains articles about the Stream API in Java.

### Relevant Articles:
- [The Java 8 Stream API Tutorial](https://www.baeldung.com/java-8-streams)
- [Java Stream findFirst() vs. findAny()](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-findfirst-vs-findany)
- [Java IntStream Conversions](https://www.baeldung.com/java-intstream-convert)
- [Java Streams peek() API](https://www.baeldung.com/java-streams-peek-api)
- [Collect a Java Stream to an Immutable Collection](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-immutable-collection)
- [How to Add a Single Element to a Stream](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-append-prepend)
- [Operating on and Removing an Item from Stream](https://www.baeldung.com/java-use-remove-item-stream)
- [Stream Ordering in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-ordering)
- [Iterable to Stream in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-iterable-to-stream)
- [How to Get the Last Element of a Stream in Java?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-stream-last-element)
- [How to Use if/else Logic in Java Streams](https://www.baeldung.com/java-8-streams-if-else-logic)
- More articles: [[<-- prev>]](/../core-java-streams) [[next -->]](/../core-java-streams-3)
