spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-3/README.md, before:

## Spring Boot MVC

This module contains articles about Spring Web MVC in Spring Boot projects.

### Relevant Articles:

- [Circular View Path Error](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-circular-view-path-error)
- [Download an Image or a File with Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-controller-return-image-file)
- [Spring MVC Async vs Spring WebFlux](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-async-vs-webflux)
- [Differences in @Valid and @Validated Annotations in Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-valid-vs-validated)
- [CharacterEncodingFilter In SpringBoot](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-characterencodingfilter)
- [HandlerInterceptors vs. Filters in Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-handlerinterceptor-vs-filter)
- [ETags for REST with Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/etags-for-rest-with-spring)
- [Display RSS Feed with Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-rss-feed)
- [Localized Validation Messages in REST](https://www.baeldung.com/rest-localized-validation-messages)
- More articles: [[<-- Prev]](/spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-2)[[Next -->]](/spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-4)

Commit message:

[JAVA-40693] Moved article "The @ServletComponentScan Annotation in Spring Boot" from spring-boot-mvc to spring-boot-mvc-3

spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-3/README.md, after:

## Spring Boot MVC

This module contains articles about Spring Web MVC in Spring Boot projects.

### Relevant Articles:

- [Circular View Path Error](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-circular-view-path-error)
- [Download an Image or a File with Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-controller-return-image-file)
- [Spring MVC Async vs Spring WebFlux](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-async-vs-webflux)
- [Differences in @Valid and @Validated Annotations in Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-valid-vs-validated)
- [CharacterEncodingFilter In SpringBoot](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-characterencodingfilter)
- [HandlerInterceptors vs. Filters in Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-handlerinterceptor-vs-filter)
- [ETags for REST with Spring](https://www.baeldung.com/etags-for-rest-with-spring)
- [Display RSS Feed with Spring MVC](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-mvc-rss-feed)
- [Localized Validation Messages in REST](https://www.baeldung.com/rest-localized-validation-messages)
- [The @ServletComponentScan Annotation in Spring Boot](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-servletcomponentscan)
- More articles: [[<-- Prev]](/spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-2)[[Next -->]](/spring-boot-modules/spring-boot-mvc-4)
