core-java-modules/core-java-jvm-2/README.md, before:

## Core Java JVM Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about working with the Java Virtual Machine (JVM).

### Relevant Articles: 

- [Memory Layout of Objects in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-memory-layout)
- [Measuring Object Sizes in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-measuring-object-sizes)
- [Adding Shutdown Hooks for JVM Applications](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-shutdown-hooks)
- [boolean and boolean[] Memory Layout in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-boolean-memory-layout)
- [Where Is the Array Length Stored in JVM?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-jvm-array-length)
- [Memory Address of Objects in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-object-memory-address)
- [List All Classes Loaded in a Specific Class Loader](https://www.baeldung.com/java-list-classes-class-loader)
- [An Introduction to the Constant Pool in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-constant-pool)
- [List All the Classes Loaded in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-list-all-classes-loaded)
- [Static Fields and Garbage Collection](https://www.baeldung.com/java-static-fields-gc)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-jvm) [[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-jvm-3)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41847] Moving some article links on Github - core-java-jvm (#18260)

core-java-modules/core-java-jvm-2/README.md, after:

## Core Java JVM Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about working with the Java Virtual Machine (JVM).

### Relevant Articles: 

- [Memory Layout of Objects in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-memory-layout)
- [boolean and boolean[] Memory Layout in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-boolean-memory-layout)
- [Memory Address of Objects in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-object-memory-address)
- [List All Classes Loaded in a Specific Class Loader](https://www.baeldung.com/java-list-classes-class-loader)
- [An Introduction to the Constant Pool in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-constant-pool)
- [List All the Classes Loaded in the JVM](https://www.baeldung.com/jvm-list-all-classes-loaded)
- [Guide to System.gc()](https://www.baeldung.com/java-system-gc)
- [What Causes java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: unable to create new native thread](https://www.baeldung.com/java-outofmemoryerror-unable-to-create-new-native-thread)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-jvm) [[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-jvm-3)
