persistence-modules/spring-data-jpa-query-2/README.md, before:

## Spring Data JPA - Query

This module contains articles about querying data using Spring Data JPA .

### Relevant Articles:

- [Hibernate Pagination](https://www.baeldung.com/hibernate-pagination)
- [Sorting with Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/hibernate-sort)
- [Stored Procedures with Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/stored-procedures-with-hibernate-tutorial)
- [Eager/Lazy Loading in Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/hibernate-lazy-eager-loading)
- [Auditing with JPA, Hibernate, and Spring Data JPA](https://www.baeldung.com/database-auditing-jpa)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../spring-data-jpa-query)[[more -->]](../spring-data-jpa-query-3)

### Eclipse Config 
After importing the project into Eclipse, you may see the following error:  
"No persistence xml file found in project"

This can be ignored: 
- Project -> Properties -> Java Persistance -> JPA -> Error/Warnings -> Select Ignore on "No persistence xml file found in project"
Or: 
- Eclipse -> Preferences - Validation - disable the "Build" execution of the JPA Validator

Commit message:

[JAVA-41266] Moving some article links on Github - spring-data-jpa-query (#18097)

persistence-modules/spring-data-jpa-query-2/README.md, after:

## Spring Data JPA - Query

This module contains articles about querying data using Spring Data JPA .

### Relevant Articles:

- [Hibernate Pagination](https://www.baeldung.com/hibernate-pagination)
- [Sorting with Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/hibernate-sort)
- [Stored Procedures with Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/stored-procedures-with-hibernate-tutorial)
- [Implement Update-Or-Insert in Spring Data JPA](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-jpa-update-or-insert)
- [The Exists Query in Spring Data](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-exists-query)
- [Spring Data JPA and Named Entity Graphs](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-jpa-named-entity-graphs)
- [Spring Data JPA Query by Example](https://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-query-by-example)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../spring-data-jpa-query)[[more -->]](../spring-data-jpa-query-3)

### Eclipse Config 
After importing the project into Eclipse, you may see the following error:  
"No persistence xml file found in project"

This can be ignored: 
- Project -> Properties -> Java Persistance -> JPA -> Error/Warnings -> Select Ignore on "No persistence xml file found in project"
Or: 
- Eclipse -> Preferences - Validation - disable the "Build" execution of the JPA Validator
