core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-3/README.md, before:

## Java Collections Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about Map data structures in Java.

### Relevant Articles: 
- [Java TreeMap vs HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-treemap-vs-hashmap)
- [Comparing Two HashMaps in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-compare-hashmaps)
- [The Map.computeIfAbsent() Method](https://www.baeldung.com/java-map-computeifabsent)
- [Collections.synchronizedMap vs. ConcurrentHashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-synchronizedmap-vs-concurrenthashmap)
- [Java HashMap Load Factor](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-load-factor)
- [Converting Java Properties to HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-properties-to-hashmap)
- [Get Values and Keys as ArrayList From a HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-values-keys-arraylists-hashmap)
- [Remove Duplicate Values From HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-delete-duplicates)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-2)[[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-4)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41835] Moving some article links on Github - core-java-collections-maps (#18162)

core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-3/README.md, after:

## Java Collections Cookbooks and Examples

This module contains articles about Map data structures in Java.

### Relevant Articles: 
- [Java TreeMap vs HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-treemap-vs-hashmap)
- [Collections.synchronizedMap vs. ConcurrentHashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-synchronizedmap-vs-concurrenthashmap)
- [Java HashMap Load Factor](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-load-factor)
- [Converting Java Properties to HashMap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-properties-to-hashmap)
- [Remove Duplicate Values From HashMap in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-delete-duplicates)
- [Create an Empty Map in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-create-empty-map)
- [How to Check If a Key Exists in a Map](https://www.baeldung.com/java-map-key-exists)
- [The Java HashMap Under the Hood](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hashmap-advanced)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-2)[[next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-collections-maps-4)
