persistence-modules/hibernate-jpa-2/README.md, before:

## Hibernate JPA

This module contains articles specific to use of Hibernate as a JPA implementation, such as Locking, Bootstrapping, One-to-One Relationship, Persistence Context, and more.

### Relevant articles:

- [JPA/Hibernate Persistence Context](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-hibernate-persistence-context)
- [Quick Guide to EntityManager#getReference()](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-entity-manager-get-reference)
- [JPA Entities and the Serializable Interface](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-entities-serializable)
- [The @Struct Annotation Type in Hibernate – Structured User-Defined Types](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-struct-annotation)
- [PersistenceUnit vs. PersistenceContext](https://www.baeldung.com/java-persistenceunit-persistencecontext-difference)
- [IN Clause Parameter Padding in Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-in-clause-padding)
- [Change Field Value Before Update and Insert in Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-change-field-value-before-update-insert)

Commit message:

JAVA-41256 Moved articles from hibernate-jpa to hibernate-jpa -2 & vice versa (#18177)

persistence-modules/hibernate-jpa-2/README.md, after:

## Hibernate JPA

This module contains articles specific to use of Hibernate as a JPA implementation, such as Locking, Bootstrapping, One-to-One Relationship, Persistence Context, and more.

### Relevant articles:
- [Quick Guide to EntityManager#getReference()](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-entity-manager-get-reference)
- [JPA Entities and the Serializable Interface](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-entities-serializable)
- [The @Struct Annotation Type in Hibernate – Structured User-Defined Types](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-struct-annotation)
- [PersistenceUnit vs. PersistenceContext](https://www.baeldung.com/java-persistenceunit-persistencecontext-difference)
- [IN Clause Parameter Padding in Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-in-clause-padding)
- [Bootstrapping JPA Programmatically in Java](http://www.baeldung.com/java-bootstrap-jpa)
- [Criteria API – An Example of IN Expressions](https://www.baeldung.com/jpa-criteria-api-in-expressions)
- [Change Field Value Before Update and Insert in Hibernate](https://www.baeldung.com/java-hibernate-change-field-value-before-update-insert)
