core-java-modules/core-java-8-datetime-3/README.md, before:

### Relevant Articles:

- [Calculate Months Between Two Dates in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-months-difference-two-dates)
- [Format LocalDate to ISO 8601 With T and Z](https://www.baeldung.com/java-format-localdate-iso-8601-t-z)
- [Check if Two Date Ranges Overlap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-check-two-date-ranges-overlap)
- [Difference between ZoneOffset.UTC and ZoneId.of(“UTC”)](https://www.baeldung.com/java-zoneoffset-utc-zoneid-of)
- [Convert String to OffsetDateTime](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-string-offsetdatetime)
- [Get Date and Time From a Datetime String in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-date-time-from-string)
- [Combine Date and Time from Separate Variables in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-combine-local-date-time)
- [How to Get the Start and the End of a Day using Java](http://www.baeldung.com/java-day-start-end)
- [Migrating to the New Java 8 Date Time API](http://www.baeldung.com/migrating-to-java-8-date-time-api)
- [[<-- Prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-8-datetime-2)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41274] Moved article "Set the Time Zone of a Date in Java" from core-java-8-datetime to core-java-8-datetime-3

core-java-modules/core-java-8-datetime-3/README.md, after:

### Relevant Articles:

- [Calculate Months Between Two Dates in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-months-difference-two-dates)
- [Format LocalDate to ISO 8601 With T and Z](https://www.baeldung.com/java-format-localdate-iso-8601-t-z)
- [Check if Two Date Ranges Overlap](https://www.baeldung.com/java-check-two-date-ranges-overlap)
- [Difference between ZoneOffset.UTC and ZoneId.of(“UTC”)](https://www.baeldung.com/java-zoneoffset-utc-zoneid-of)
- [Convert String to OffsetDateTime](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-string-offsetdatetime)
- [Get Date and Time From a Datetime String in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-date-time-from-string)
- [Combine Date and Time from Separate Variables in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-combine-local-date-time)
- [How to Get the Start and the End of a Day using Java](http://www.baeldung.com/java-day-start-end)
- [Migrating to the New Java 8 Date Time API](http://www.baeldung.com/migrating-to-java-8-date-time-api)
- [Set the Time Zone of a Date in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-set-date-time-zone)
- [[<-- Prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-8-datetime-2)[[Next -->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-8-datetime-4)
