core-java-modules/core-java-nio-2/README.md, before:

## Core Java NIO

This module contains articles about core Java non-blocking input and output (IO)

## Relevant Articles:

- [A Guide to WatchService in Java NIO2](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio2-watchservice)
- [Create a Symbolic Link with Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-symlink)
- [Introduction to the Java NIO Selector](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-selector)
- [Using Java MappedByteBuffer](https://www.baeldung.com/java-mapped-byte-buffer)
- [How to Lock a File in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-lock-files)
- [Java NIO DatagramChannel](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-datagramchannel)
- [Java – Path vs File](https://www.baeldung.com/java-path-vs-file)
- [What Is the Difference Between NIO and NIO.2?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-vs-nio-2)
- [Guide to ByteBuffer](https://www.baeldung.com/java-bytebuffer)
- [Find Files That Match Wildcard Strings in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-files-match-wildcard-strings)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../core-java-nio) [[next -->]](../core-java-nio-3)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41855] Moved articles from core-java-nio to core-java-nio-2

core-java-modules/core-java-nio-2/README.md, after:

## Core Java NIO

This module contains articles about core Java non-blocking input and output (IO)

## Relevant Articles:

- [A Guide to WatchService in Java NIO2](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio2-watchservice)
- [Create a Symbolic Link with Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-symlink)
- [Introduction to the Java NIO Selector](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-selector)
- [Using Java MappedByteBuffer](https://www.baeldung.com/java-mapped-byte-buffer)
- [How to Lock a File in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-lock-files)
- [Java NIO DatagramChannel](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-datagramchannel)
- [Java – Path vs File](https://www.baeldung.com/java-path-vs-file)
- [What Is the Difference Between NIO and NIO.2?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-vs-nio-2)
- [Guide to ByteBuffer](https://www.baeldung.com/java-bytebuffer)
- [Find Files That Match Wildcard Strings in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-files-match-wildcard-strings)
- [Determine File Creation Date in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-file-creation-date)
- [Introduction to the Java NIO2 File API](https://www.baeldung.com/java-nio-2-file-api)
- More articles: [[<-- prev]](../core-java-nio) [[next -->]](../core-java-nio-3)
