core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-2/README.md, before:

## Core Date Operations (Part 2)
This module contains articles about date operations in Java.

### Relevant Articles:

- [Get the Current Date Prior to Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-the-current-date-legacy)
- [Skipping Weekends While Adding Days to LocalDate in Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-localdate-add-days-skip-weekends)
- [Checking if Two Java Dates Are on the Same Day](https://www.baeldung.com/java-check-two-dates-on-same-day)
- [Converting Java Date to OffsetDateTime](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-date-to-offsetdatetime)
- [How to Set the JVM Time Zone](https://www.baeldung.com/java-jvm-time-zone)
- [How to Determine Day of Week by Passing Specific Date in Java?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-day-of-week)
- [Finding Leap Years in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-leap-year)
- [Getting the Week Number From Any Date](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-week-number)
- [Subtract Days from a Date in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-subtract-days-from-date)
- [How to Calculate “Time Ago” in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-calculate-time-ago)
- [[<-- Prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-1) [[Next-->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-3)

Commit message:

[JAVA-41841] Moved articles "Handling Daylight Savings Time in Java", "Add Hours to a Date in Java" from core-java-date-operations-1 to core-java-date-operations-2

core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-2/README.md, after:

## Core Date Operations (Part 2)
This module contains articles about date operations in Java.

### Relevant Articles:

- [Get the Current Date Prior to Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-the-current-date-legacy)
- [Skipping Weekends While Adding Days to LocalDate in Java 8](https://www.baeldung.com/java-localdate-add-days-skip-weekends)
- [Checking if Two Java Dates Are on the Same Day](https://www.baeldung.com/java-check-two-dates-on-same-day)
- [Converting Java Date to OffsetDateTime](https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-date-to-offsetdatetime)
- [How to Set the JVM Time Zone](https://www.baeldung.com/java-jvm-time-zone)
- [How to Determine Day of Week by Passing Specific Date in Java?](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-day-of-week)
- [Finding Leap Years in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-leap-year)
- [Getting the Week Number From Any Date](https://www.baeldung.com/java-get-week-number)
- [Subtract Days from a Date in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-subtract-days-from-date)
- [How to Calculate “Time Ago” in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-calculate-time-ago)
- [Handling Daylight Savings Time in Java](http://www.baeldung.com/java-daylight-savings)
- [Add Hours to a Date in Java](https://www.baeldung.com/java-add-hours-date)
- [[<-- Prev]](/core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-1) [[Next-->]](/core-java-modules/core-java-date-operations-3)
